RUL-28: Add calculate action (#1448)
akeneo/pim-docs: manipulate_pim_data/rule/general_information_on_rule_format.rst

            - type: clear
              field: associations

Calculate
_________

> This action allows to calculate numeric attribute values, with simple mathematical operations (addition, substraction, multiplication and division)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action allows calculating numeric attribute values, with simple mathematical operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division)
```

> This action only accepts number, measurement or price collection attributes for both source and destination.

Author: ```suggestion
This action only accepts number, measurement or price collection attributes for both the source and the destination.
```

> This action only accepts number, measurement or price collection attributes for both source and destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action requires number, measurement or price collection attributes for both sources and destinations.
```

Author: but there is only 1 source and 1 destination. Maybe rather:
`This action requires number, measurement or price collection attributes for both the source and the destination.` ?

Reviewer: ok

> The action is split in 3 distinct parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action is split into 3 different parts:
```

> **destination**: the value you want to update. It can be composed of :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**destination**: the value you want to update. It is composed of:
```

- field: the attribute code (required)

> - locale: locale code if the attribute is localizable (optional)

Reviewer 2: peut être ajouter que sinon, il faut mettre "null" ?

- scope: channel code if the attribute is scopable (optional)
- currency: currency code if the attribute is a price collection (optional)
- unit: unit code if the attribute is a measurement (optional, the default measurement unit of the attribute will be used if not set)

> **source**: the first operand of the operation. It can be composed of either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**source**: the first operand of the operation. It requires at least either a value or a field and additional items. For instance, you can have:
```

> - value: a constant value (number, for instance 3.14)

Author: ```suggestion
- value: a constant numeric value, e.g: 3.14 (required)
```

> - value: a constant value (number, for instance 3.14)

Reviewer 3: (required ?)

Reviewer: unclear about the 'or' here

Author: @camillebourjade it means that the `source` can be either:
```yaml
source:
  value: 3.14
```
or
```yaml
source:
  field: price
  locale: en_US
  scope: ecommerce
  currency: EUR
```
(you cannot have both `field` and `value` in the definition)

> or:

Author: ```suggestion
OR:
```

- field: attribute code of the source value (required)
- locale: locale code if the attribute is localizable (optional)
- scope: channel code if the attribute is scopable (optional)
- currency: currency code if the attribute is a price collection (optional)

> **operation_list**: the list of operations to execute (obviously, at least one operation is required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**operation_list**: the list of operations to execute (at least one operation is required)
```

> It is exactly the same format as the ``source`` property, plus one required field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is exactly the same format as the ``source`` property, with an additional required field:
```

> - operator: can be either ``add``, ``substract``, ``multiply`` or ``divide`` (required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- operator: can be either ``add``, ``subtract``, ``multiply`` or ``divide`` (required)
```

    .. warning::

       The operations are applied in the order they are provided, regardless of any mathematical priority.
       For instance, 5 - 3 + 2 x 5 will result in ((5 - 3) + 2) x 5) = 20

> If a product value required in an operation is empty, or if a division by zero occurs, the product won't be updated.

Reviewer 3: cc Morgane

Author: we already talked about that, this behavior was validated

.. tip::

>     For instance, in order to calculate the volume of a cone, given a radius and a height, you can use the following action:

Reviewer 3: You should write the mathematical action here, like volumne = PI * radius * radius * height / 3

        .. code-block:: yaml

            actions:
                - type: calculate
                  destination:
                    field: volume
                    unit: CUBE_CENTIMETER
                  source:
                    value: 3.14
                  operation_list:
                    - operator: multiply
                      field: radius
                    - operator: multiply
                      field: radius
                    - operator: multiply
                      field: height
                    - operator: divide
                      value: 3

>     The following action will calculate a price in euro, based on the price in dollars and a ratio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following action will calculate a price in euros, based on the price in dollars and a ratio:
```

        .. code-block:: yaml

            actions:
                - type: calculate
                  destination:
                    field: price
                    scope: ecommerce
                    currency: EUR
                  source:
                    field: price
                    scope: ecommerce
                    currency: USD
                  operation_list:
                    - operator: multiply
                      field: ratio

    .. warning::

>        When using measurement attributes, their value will be converted to the default measuremnt unit defined for the attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       When using measurement attributes, their value will be converted to the default measurement unit defined for the attribute.
```

>        For instance, given a `Length` attribute with a 'CENTIMETER' default unit, and its value for the product is 1 INCH, the value will be converted to 2.54 (1 inch = 2.54 cm)

Reviewer: unclear

Author: maybe:
`For instance, given a `Length` attribute with a 'CENTIMETER' default unit, and its value for the product is 1 INCH, the value applied in the operation will be 2.54 (1 inch = 2.54 cm)` ?
